Xiao Zhou, don't worry.
With me, I will never let your daughter-in-law be wronged.
Director Yang
What's the matter with you?
Knowing that the village can eat cheap meat for so many years
Can use cheap stores
That's all the credit of the Zhou family
You still provoke everyone
Force all the transformers in the Zhou family to come out.
On behalf of the village committee, I offer a severe criticism to you
I'm doing this for everyone's own good.
Do you need to do this for us?
No.
Happy people really don't have the same heart as us
My son relies entirely on pig farm work
To win the favor of the woman's family
The pig farm moved away, where is my son going to work?
childish
What are you still doing?
Quickly apologize to Xiao Zhou and Xiao Zhou's wife
Get out of Happy Village without apologizing
Our happy village does not need such a woman director
Yes, get out of Happy Village if you don't apologize
Sorry.
Then I'll go back to the pig farm first. Hmm.
miss
Don't be complacent
Don't think that Yueshen is protecting you now
You win
You will never compare to me and her
So many years of friendship
Yueshen, you are back.